Se 13419 rtm infinite link loop hn (#216)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/servers-settings.adoc

= Access Server Settings (Hybrid)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> Use the *Settings* page to configure server properties and view alerts. You can also perform other actions from this page, such as delete a server group.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Settings* page to configure server properties and view alerts. You can also perform other actions from this page, such as deleting a server group.  
```

To access the server *Settings* page:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Click *Servers* in the left menu.

> . Either: 

Reviewer: Can we make this container step more descriptive? "To <accomplish this goal>, use one of the following methods:"

+

> ** Click the *Type* column to display the details pane, then click *Manage Server*, *Manage Group*, or *Manage Cluster* button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Click the *Type* column to display the details pane and click *Manage Server*, *Manage Group*, or *Manage Cluster*:
```

+
.The arrow shows the *Manage Server* button in the details pane.
image::rtm-view-server-settings.png[*Manage Server* button]

> ** Click the name of the server, server group, or cluster on the *Servers* page, then click *Settings*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Click the name of the server, server group, or cluster on the *Servers* page and then click *Settings*:
```
